Added Documentation for How To Run Custom Sandbox Image (#2637)
OpenDevin/OpenDevin: docs/modules/usage/custom_sandbox_guide.md

# How to Create a Custom Docker Sandbox 

The default OpenDevin sandbox comes with a [minimal ubuntu configuration](https://github.com/OpenDevin/OpenDevin/blob/main/containers/sandbox/Dockerfile). Your use case may need additional software installed by default. This guide will teach you how to accomplish this by utilizing a custom docker image. 

## Setup

To get started running with your own Docker Sandbox image you need to ensure you can build OpenDevin locally via the following: 
1. Clone the OpenDevin github repository to your local machine 
2. In the root (OpenDevin/)  directory, run ```make build```
3. Then run ```make run```  
4. Finally navigate your browser to ```localhost:3001``` to ensure that your local build of OpenDevin is functional 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Development.md](https://github.com/OpenDevin/OpenDevin/blob/main/Development.md) for more installation details.
```

        'RUN bash -c ". /opendevin/miniforge3/etc/profile.d/conda.sh && conda config --set changeps1 False && conda config --append channels conda-forge"\n'
        'RUN echo "export PATH=/opendevin/miniforge3/bin:$PATH" >> ~/.bashrc\n'
        'RUN echo "export PATH=/opendevin/miniforge3/bin:$PATH" >> /opendevin/bash.bashrc\n'
    ).strip()
```

> Note: the name of the image is modified via [_get_new_image_name()](https://github.com/OpenDevin/OpenDevin/blob/main/opendevin/runtime/docker/image_agnostic_util.py#L63) and it is the modified name that is searched for on subsequent runs 

## Troubleshooting / Errors 

### Error: ```useradd: UID 1000 is not unique```
If you see this error in the console output it is because OpenDevin is trying to create the opendevin user in the sandbox with a UID of 1000, however this UID is already being used in the image (for some reason). To fix this change the sandbox_user_id field in the config.toml file to a different value: 
```
[core]
workspace_base="./workspace"
persist_sandbox=false
run_as_devin=true
sandbox_container_image="custom_image"
sandbox_user_id="1001"
```

### Port use errors 

> If you see an error about a port being in use or unavailable, try deleting all running Docker Containers and then re-running ```make run``` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see an error about a port being in use or unavailable, try deleting all running Docker Containers (run `docker ps` and `docker rm` relevant containers) and then re-running ```make run``` 
```
